
11/3/2023
Team Number
Group-04
Team Name
The Chefs 
Team Members
Aaron Amha - aaam7416 - aaam7416@colorado.edu 
Michael Dempsey - mide5396 - mide5396@colorado.edu
Alex Foucher - alfo8132 - alfo8132@colorado.edu
Sarah Sharroufna - sash1048 - sash1048@colorado.edu 
Application Name
CookBook
Application Description
The application will be designed to allow users to share their recipes with other users. They will be able to upload photos of their final dishes. Users will be able to like or dislike the recipes posted to the page, and the most liked recipes will be shown first. 
We also want to include a “cook friends” where the user can add other users as friends, and then the only posts on the “cook friends” page will be those of the users added as friends. We want to allow for the users to be able to sort by food type as well using a search bar. 
Vision Statement 
“To provide a platform for delicious creativity”
Version Control
https://github.com/AaronAmha/CookBook.git
Added team meeting logs and set up files, including the ReadMe.md
Development Methodology 
Created a project board and added 5 user stories
Added multiple epics, including Discover, Login, and Register page
Communication Plan
We will communicate over Discord. 
Meeting Plan
Team Meeting
Day and Time: Monday’s at 6 PM 
Modality: Face-To-Face
Weekly Meeting With TA:
Day and Time: Thursday at 4:45 PM
Modality: Google Team Meeting


 
Project Guide: Important Information For TA Meetings:
Weekly Meetings Are For Status Updates: (Answer 3 Questions)
What Have We Done Since The Last Meeting?
What Are We Planning To Do Until The Next Meeting?
What Challenges Are We Facing?
Before Coming We Should Have The Following In Our Repository:
Consistent Commits During The Week (At Least Once A Day)
Commit Messages Should Be Descriptive
Every User Should Have Pushed Their Code To The Remote Branch
Code Should Be Tested Before Presenting
Features Should Be Fully Functional
User Stories on the Project Board Should Be Updated
 Use Case Diagram: Use Case Diagram
Scribe Notes: Created a use case diagram
Use case diagram shows that after logging in, you can start adding pictures. You’ll also be able to add friends and share/like recipes. 
 Wireframes: https://www.figma.com/file/fo6XLhC6mFWLrLfnOpWZUx/CookBook?type=design&mode=design&t=HcGCKgY81UNW4J95-1
Added pages for adding recipes, registration, login, home, and a discover page with a list of recipes 



